Damn Lin Fan
Today, the project coerced me into kneeling with my uncle
I will use the project to coerce you tomorrow
This inverse
Mom, I think this looks like me
how
Stop listening to things like me, mom
Like my girl
Mom, this is a big project worth tens of billions
Give it all to Lin Fan's stubborn cave
In case of problems
The consequences are unimaginable
Why don't you let Chu Sheng help?
You can rest assured that Chu Sheng is staring at you
by the way
It can also ease the relationship between their brothers
No way.
President Nanan made it clear
He'll only work with Van Vang.
But
Although there is no way for Chu Shan to intervene in the company now
Yi Family Council Vice Council
The party's office was also removed
But the position after CF in the company happens to be vacant
The chef will let you fill the vacancy
Chief Financial Officer
This is responsible for the finance and accounting of the entire group
Investment and financing, etc
It's the group.
The 20th person under the president
Look how much mom values you
Mom, I will definitely do a good job when I see you
Origin, project, mom has her own way
Oh yeah mom
Your Secretary Zhu is outstanding
It's your confidant
I think so.
Why don't you transfer it to Lingfan as a secretary?
In this way
We have nothing to do with the project for the time being
Ah, great idea.
Is this thing settled?
Ha ha.
My relationship with Zhu Xu is absolute in the company
No one knows
With him by Lin Fan's side
I can always hold that crap
Everything will do.